#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.7
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --extra=dev
#
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via sphinx
argcomplete==1.12.3
    # via ipykernel
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
async-generator==1.10
    # via
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
atomicwrites==1.4.0
    # via pytest
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   outcome
    #   pytest
    #   trio
autopep8==1.6.0
    # via econuy (setup.py)
babel==2.9.1
    # via sphinx
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
backports.entry-points-selectable==1.1.1
    # via virtualenv
beautifulsoup4==4.10.0
    # via econuy (setup.py)
bleach==4.1.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   requests
    #   urllib3
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
    #   trio
cfgv==3.3.1
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==2.0.9
    # via requests
chromedriver-autoinstaller==0.3.1
    # via econuy (setup.py)
colorama==0.4.4
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-autobuild
commonmark==0.9.1
    # via recommonmark
coverage==6.2
    # via econuy (setup.py)
cryptography==36.0.1
    # via
    #   pyopenssl
    #   urllib3
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.5.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.0
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
distlib==0.3.4
    # via virtualenv
docutils==0.17.1
    # via
    #   recommonmark
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
entrypoints==0.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
filelock==3.4.0
    # via virtualenv
fonttools==4.28.5
    # via matplotlib
greenlet==1.1.2
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.12.0
    # via wsproto
identify==2.4.0
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   requests
    #   trio
    #   urllib3
imagesize==1.3.0
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==4.10.0
    # via
    #   argcomplete
    #   backports.entry-points-selectable
    #   ipykernel
    #   jsonschema
    #   pluggy
    #   pre-commit
    #   pytest
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   virtualenv
importlib-resources==5.4.0
    # via jsonschema
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.6.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==7.30.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==7.6.5
    # via jupyter
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   sphinx
jsonschema==4.3.2
    # via nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via econuy (setup.py)
jupyter-client==7.1.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.4.0
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==4.9.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyterlab-pygments==0.1.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==1.0.2
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
livereload==2.6.3
    # via sphinx-autobuild
lxml==4.7.1
    # via econuy (setup.py)
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.5.1
    # via econuy (setup.py)
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
nbclient==0.5.9
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.1.3
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
nodeenv==1.6.0
    # via pre-commit
notebook==6.4.6
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   widgetsnbextension
numpy==1.21.5
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   scipy
    #   statsmodels
openpyxl==3.0.9
    # via econuy (setup.py)
opnieuw==1.1.0
    # via econuy (setup.py)
outcome==1.1.0
    # via trio
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   matplotlib
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
pandas==1.3.5
    # via
    #   econuy (setup.py)
    #   statsmodels
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
patool==1.12
    # via econuy (setup.py)
patsy==0.5.2
    # via statsmodels
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==8.4.0
    # via matplotlib
platformdirs==2.4.0
    # via virtualenv
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
pre-commit==2.16.0
    # via econuy (setup.py)
prometheus-client==0.12.0
    # via notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.24
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psycopg2==2.9.2
    # via econuy (setup.py)
py==1.11.0
    # via pytest
pycodestyle==2.8.0
    # via autopep8
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.10.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab-pygments
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   sphinx
pyopenssl==21.0.0
    # via urllib3
pyparsing==3.0.6
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via jsonschema
pytest==6.2.5
    # via econuy (setup.py)
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==0.19.2
    # via econuy (setup.py)
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   babel
    #   pandas
#pywin32==303
    # via jupyter-core
#pywinpty==1.1.6
    # via terminado
pyyaml==6.0
    # via pre-commit
pyzmq==22.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.2.2
    # via jupyter
qtpy==1.11.3
    # via qtconsole
recommonmark==0.7.1
    # via econuy (setup.py)
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   econuy (setup.py)
    #   sphinx
scipy==1.7.3
    # via statsmodels
selenium==4.1.0
    # via econuy (setup.py)
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   livereload
    #   patsy
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-dateutil
    #   virtualenv
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via trio
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via trio
soupsieve==2.3.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==4.3.2
    # via
    #   econuy (setup.py)
    #   recommonmark
    #   sphinx-autobuild
    #   sphinx-autodoc-typehints
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinx-autobuild==2021.3.14
    # via econuy (setup.py)
sphinx-autodoc-typehints==1.12.0
    # via econuy (setup.py)
sphinx-rtd-theme==1.0.0
    # via econuy (setup.py)
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinx
sqlalchemy==1.4.28
    # via econuy (setup.py)
statsmodels==0.13.1
    # via econuy (setup.py)
terminado==0.12.1
    # via notebook
testpath==0.5.0
    # via nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   autopep8
    #   pre-commit
    #   pytest
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   livereload
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
trio==0.19.0
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.9.2
    # via selenium
typing-extensions==4.0.1
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   jsonschema
urllib3[secure]==1.26.7
    # via
    #   requests
    #   selenium
virtualenv==20.10.0
    # via pre-commit
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
widgetsnbextension==3.5.2
    # via ipywidgets
wsproto==1.0.0
    # via trio-websocket
xlrd==2.0.1
    # via econuy (setup.py)
zipp==3.6.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
